Hi, everyone, in this next year, we're going to create the next question function.
All right, so I'm going to come here and I'm going to say next question function now, why is this
function important?
It is important because for a few reasons.
First, whenever you click on an incorrect answer, you should go to the next answer.
Sorry to the next question.
If you click on an incorrect answer answer, you should still be able to go to the next question.
These are the two scenarios.
The third one is whenever you're not able to answer a question and the timer runs, you still should
go to the next question.
This is why the next question is very, very important.
So let's go ahead and let's create the next question.
All right.
And in here, what I'm going to do is, first off, we are going to go ahead and grab our account and
we are going to set it to zero, because whenever we go to the next question, the next question is
where the count is going to be zero.
All right.
And then I'm going to create an if statement and we are going to check if if because the reason that
we create an if statement here is because what if the next question is not there?
What if we don't have any next question, then we want to print out the score, contain the result.
And if we have a next question, we want to go to the next question.
So we are going to grab our active question and we are going to say if the active question is less than
the last question, do what?
Grab the active question and incremented by one.
This is where the active question makes sense.
Right?
And when you incremented by one, do what?
OK, so the active question is incremented by one.
And this function is called next question.
It means that the for example, the last question has an index of nine, yet the active question has
an index of five.
So we still have like four more like five more questions to go.
Right.
That's why we increment the active question by one.
So the active question now has an index of six.
All right.
So when the active question goes to the next question, we should render the question once more the
render the question, the the question function.
Right.
And this is the first function that we created.
So we are going to render this function one more time.
We're going to call this function one more time.
And when we call this function now, the active question has, let's say, an idea of six and this has
a value of six.
And when you provide six here inside the question, it means that inside this questions array, we are
going to grab the sixth item inside there.
And when we grab that sixth item, we are going to change the text to this.
The answer choices are going to be changed to this.
The background image is going to be changed to this.
So each time we render a new quote, we go to the next question.
We should render the question as well, because if we do not render it, there will be no question to
be seen on the page.
So else else basically says if active question is equal to last question or active question is bigger
than the last question.
In that case, it means that we don't have any more questions.
We want to clear our interval, which with the timer that we have created there.
Right.
And when we do that, we also want to render the score.
I know we have not created this function yet, render score, but we are going to create.
So when the if the question if there are still questions, show the question, if there are no questions,
clear the interval and render score.
Just render the score.
Just tell the user how much person to correctly answer.
What are the number of the quirkily?
Answer questions.
Now this next question, we are going to grab it.
First off, we are going to call it inside the Czech answer.
The reason for this is I'm just going to keep explaining it.
All right.
And I'm sure you're going to get it.
OK, so in here we have an if statement.
All right.
So if the answer is correct, we are going to increment the score and we are going to change the background
to green.
If the answer is incorrect, we are just going to change the background to red.
But it doesn't matter if the score is if the answer is correct or if the answer is incorrect.
We still want to go to the next question.
Right.
So like this, for example, there are four answers.
Even if I click on the incorrect answer, we are going to go to the next question.
If I click on the correct answer, still we are.
To go to the next question so it does not matter whether the answer is incorrect or the answer is correct,
we want to go to the next question.
That's why this next question is called outside this if statement.
All right.
It means that after the chick answer function is evaluate is done with this F statement, it should
go to the next question.
That's very simple.
The next place that we want to call this is the render counter, because whenever we go to the next
question, we want to reset the renter.
Right.
So if the answer of the count is less than the question time, we talked about how we do all this.
But what if the count is what if the answer is incorrect?
Or basically what this does is whether what if the user has not entered any any answer?
So, I mean, I'm talking about this functionality that the user is thinking and ten seconds pass.
What about then what do we do then?
We know when ten seconds, seconds pass, we just reset the counter.
But what about the next question?
What about the the renderer question?
What about those?
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to come here and we are going to grab this and I'm going to remove
the count equal to zero.
But because the count equals zero is already inside.
Our next question and I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to call our next question.
All right, so whenever the user has not answered the question, we are going to go to the next question,
but there is one more thing that we want to do.
So when the user didn't answer the question, we will be going to the next question, but this box will
be read as well.
So we need to call and the answer is incorrect function here as well.
So let's save it.
Let's check out our application.
So close that so I'm not going to answer this question, so I'm not going to answer it and we are going
to wait for it because by our calculation, it should go to the next question.
It did go and it gave us a read.
Right.
So even if you do not attempt and the time passes, you're going to get a read.
But if I when I click on it, we get to the next question.
The count is zero.
We get a green, we get to the next question.
The count starts from zero and we get a green answer incorrect.
We get to the next question.
The count starts to zero, but we get a read here because this says answer is incorrect.
Very simple stuff.
And finally, the only thing left here for us is whenever the user answers all of the questions, either
correctly or incorrectly, we want to render our score.
So I'm just going to say render score, render score function, which we have created, which we have
called their.
So I'm just going to say to function, render score, all right.
And in here, what do what do I want to do?
I want to grab this core container.
All right.
And I want to say style dot visibility should be visible because we have selected our core container
and we have set it to visibility hidden.
Now we want to say it should be visible.
And now when the square container is visible, let's say let's come here.
So let's try to go one plus one negative.
So this should be correct.
This should be incorrect.
This should be correct.
And this should be incorrect.
So now we are we get to our square container, but there is no message printed here.
We should print a message.
Right.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a variable and I'm going to say score percentage and
I'm going to call a score percentage.
And we are going to say math dot round.
So round whatever number you have and do what.
So we want this math to to multiply our score by 100 and then divide it by questions.
Were his questions at length?
I'm going to explain to you why this so, for example, we have answered seven questions out of 10.
All right.
So the score is seven.
I'm just going to grab my calculator.
What is that?
Count.
Come on, buddy.
Give me a calculator.
All right, so we have answered seven questions out of ten, and now we multiply it by 100, we get
700 and then we divide it by questions the length.
So what is the length of the questions?
It is ten.
So let's divide it by 10.
What is the percentage that we get?
It is a simple like.
It is a simple mathematical formula in which we just get percentage, and because if I do not multiply
by 100, I just get seven.
And so let's make it zero, we just get seven and we divide it by 10.
We are going to get points seven multiplied by 100.
We are going to get 70.
So the person this is how we are going to get our percentage.
Right.
And we can also get the score as well.
So in here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to I'm going to create two twos inside the score container.
We remember we remember that this core container inside our e-mail is empty.
So these elements, they're going to be dynamic elements.
So we are going to grab our core container and we are going to say inner HTML because we are going to
create two.
We are going to add it.
OK, first off, we are just going to create it and the next one will be added.
So let's go with the pack tactics.
Let's create our two starting tag and I'm going to say person take off off correctly answered insert
questions.
Percentage of the answer questions, and we could just say this, and now let's grab our template strings
and from here I'm just going to call in the score percentage.
And now this is done, of course.
Now, let's go ahead and let's create the ending tech H2.
So everything is done.
Let's take a look at it.
I'm just going to do this.
Just want to get to the end.
So it's a percentage of correctly answered questions is 50.
So let's check it out.
One, two, three, four, five.
Indeed, it is 50 percent because there is 10 questions we have answered five.
That is 50.
The next element that I want to add on now, if I do not say plus, I'm just going to show you what's
going to happen.
So no.
Number of Kirkley answer questions, we are just going to grab our core variable, save it, let's go
to a very, very quick.
All right, now it says a number of correctly answer questions, where is the percentage?
Because we initially we we provided this score container A.T.M. witness to and then we we we ourselves
overrode it, overwrote it with this issue.
But we should append both of them with the plus operator.
All right.
And when I say it now, we are going to get both of them.
So I'm just going to go very quickly with says percentage of correctly answer questions, 30 number
of correctly answer questions, 30, because we have one, two, three.
All right, so let's go ahead and let's check it out.
Let's see if every question is accurate.
We see our counter works, we see our background image, and we also see that each question relates
to that background image that we have.
Baby, we have Wolf Lone wolf, and we have this and we are done.
So this is going to be it for this lecture and for this chapter and for this project.
I really hope that you have learned a lot and you've really enjoyed it because I did.
And this is a wrap up.
So see you guys in the next chapter.